[Music]
okay in photoshop i have this image open
and i'd like to change the color of
these boots first we'll want to go over
to the toolbar and select the object
selection tool
now simply drag over the object you'd
like to change the color of and
photoshop will automatically select it
the selection isn't always perfect so to
add to your selection hold down the
shift key while dragging over the part
that photoshop missed
or you can hold down the alt key while
dragging to remove an unwanted part of
the selection
once you're happy with your selection go
down here in the layer tab
click this little folder to create a new
group
then click the add layer mask button to
create a mask of your selection
and while you're down here click the
create new adjustment layer button
and select solid color
select the color you want to change your
object to i'll stick with this yellow
color to keep things simple
then you'll need to create another
adjustment layer
but this time select brightness contrast
we're not going to mess with the
brightness contrast yet so let's go back
to the layer tab
where we should now have a group that
contains a brightness contrast layer and
a color fill layer
okay first drag the color fill above
your brightness contrast layer
then with the color fill layer selected
use this drop down to change the
blending mode to color
this is looking great so all that's left
to do is double click on the brightness
contrast layer sun to bring up its
settings in here you can use these
sliders to adjust the brightness and
contrast of your color for mine i'm
going to decrease the brightness to
bring out more of a rich yellow and i
might decrease the contrast just a bit
to bring out some of the finer details
though remember that these adjustments
are up to you and what looks good for
your image but yeah that's it for this
tutorial so as always thanks for
watching and see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
you